[sc-500] Add mutual recursion cycle check (#232)
HigherOrderCO/hvm-lang: docs/lazy-definitions.md

> Because of that, is recommended to use [supercombinator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supercombinator) formulation to make terms be unrolled lazily, preventing infinite expansion in recursive function bodies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of that, it's recommended to use a [supercombinator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supercombinator) formulation to make terms be unrolled lazily, preventing infinite expansion in recursive function bodies.
```

### Automatic optimization

> HVM-lang carries out a [float-combinators](compiler-options#float-combinators) optimization through the CLI, which is active by default in strict mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HVM-lang carries out a [combinator floating](compiler-options#float-combinators) optimization, enabled through the CLI, which is active by default in strict mode.
```
